this video demonstrates how to download
and install a full feature driver from
HP com
before you begin turn on the product
make sure the power light is on and that
no other lights are blinking
if you connected your product to your
computer with a USB cable remove the
cable from the back of the product and
the USB port on the computer
you
first we need to find the driver from
HP's website and download the files
from your computer open a web browser
like Internet Explorer
in the address bar type WWE forward
slash support
and click the arrow at the right side of
the address bar the HP support page
displays
click where you live on the map for this
video
we selected North America select the
country where you live and language from
the list that displays we selected
United States and English next find the
place where you can enter your product
information
since we want to download a driver click
the download drivers and software and
firmware option you also need to enter
your product model number in the for
product text box type in your model
number let's use the photo smart C 309
as an example with a task selected and a
model number entered
press the arrow button or press ENTER on
your keyboard
depending on how unique your model name
is when compared to other models you
might have to select your model from a
list of similar products
open the select your operating system
drop-down list find Microsoft Windows 7
and click on it the drop-down list
collapses and shows Windows 7
click Next a new step appears allowing
you to choose what type of download you
are looking for we want the full feature
driver so we will click the plus sign
next to driver find the driver with the
words full feature in the title this
driver lets you use all the functions of
your product click the download button
to start downloading the file a window
pops up asking what you want to do with
the file
select save browse to the location where
you want to save the file make sure you
save the file somewhere easy to remember
so you can install it later we save the
file to the My Documents folder now that
you told the computer where to save the
driver it will download the file to the
folder you selected
now that you've successfully downloaded
the driver we need to install it on your
computer
to find the file you just downloaded
click the open folder button find the
installation file in the folder the file
extension for the file is dot exe
double-click the file to start the
installation Windows 7 asks you to
confirm if you want to install the file
click yes to start the installation wait
for the files to extract and the
installation wizard displays begin the
installation by clicking the install
button in order to install the software
your computer might warn you that it
needs to allow the installation process
to continue click the next button to
allow the installation to continue a
user License Agreement appears read
through the agreement select the I agree
checkbox
and then click Next the installation
will go through four steps checking the
system to see where to install the files
preparing the computer to install the
driver installing the files and
configuring your product once the
installation is complete when prompted
select the connection type for your
product in this example we will select a
USB installation click the direct
connection using a USB cable button and
then click the next button to continue
when prompted by the wizard plug in a
USB cable to your product and computer
make sure your product is on so your
computer and product can establish the
connection
you
once your product is connected to the
computer it will continue automatically
with the installation when you see the
words product connected successfully on
your screen you are ready to configure
your product click the next button to
begin the configuration process the
installation wizard configures your
product automatically after this process
is complete you will get a screen
telling you that the software
installation was successful click the
finish button to close the installation
wizard
your product is now ready to use if you
need more help return to WWE HP calm for
word slash support